README.md, before:

# sitecues-mobile

> Usability and speech tools for mobile websites.

## Why?

 - Mobile devices are popular among web users.
 - People using mobile devices have [situational needs](http://accessibility.co.uk/wiki/situational-disability).
 - Turnkey solution to improve usability.

## Install

For customers, Sitecues Mobile is automatically delivered to appropriate devices by the main Sitecues service. No additional setup is required.

A developer install involves cloning the project and running `npm install` once inside of it.

## Usage

Coming soon.

## Contributing

See our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/sitecues/sitecues-mobile/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md "The guidelines for participating in this project.") for more details.

1. [Fork it](https://github.com/sitecues/sitecues-mobile/fork).
2. Make a feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. [Submit a pull request](https://github.com/sitecues/sitecues-mobile/compare "Submit code to this project for review.").

## License

Copyright © [Sitecues](https://sitecues.com "Owner of sitecues-mobile."). All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Add project meta for Circle CI.

README.md, after:

# sitecues-mobile [![Build status for sitecues-mobile on Circle CI.](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/sitecues/sitecues-mobile/master.svg "Circle Build Status")](https://circleci.com/gh/sitecues/sitecues-mobile "Sitecues Mobile Builds")

> Usability and speech tools for mobile websites.

## Why?

 - Mobile devices are popular among web users.
 - People using mobile devices have [situational needs](http://accessibility.co.uk/wiki/situational-disability).
 - Turnkey solution to improve usability.

## Install

For customers, Sitecues Mobile is automatically delivered to appropriate devices by the main Sitecues service. No additional setup is required.

A developer install involves cloning the project and running `npm install` once inside of it.

## Usage

Coming soon.

## Contributing

See our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/sitecues/sitecues-mobile/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md "The guidelines for participating in this project.") for more details.

1. [Fork it](https://github.com/sitecues/sitecues-mobile/fork).
2. Make a feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. [Submit a pull request](https://github.com/sitecues/sitecues-mobile/compare "Submit code to this project for review.").

## License

Copyright © [Sitecues](https://sitecues.com "Owner of sitecues-mobile."). All rights reserved.
